Update options-data.md (#950)
vuejs/docs-next: src/api/options-data.md

- **Details:**

>   An object where keys are data properties or computed properties to watch and values are the corresponding callbacks. The value can also be a string of a method name, or an Object that contains additional options. The component instance will call `$watch()` for each entry in the object at instantiation. See [$watch](instance-methods.html#watch) for more information about the `deep`, `immediate` and `flush` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An object where keys are reactive properties to watch and values are the corresponding callbacks. The value can also be a string of a method name, or an Object that contains additional options. The component instance will call `$watch()` for each entry in the object at instantiation. See [$watch](instance-methods.html#watch) for more information about the `deep`, `immediate` and `flush` options.
```

Reviewer: What do you think about this update @likev?

Author: good!

>   An object where keys are reactive properties — examples include [data](/api/options-data.html#data-2) or [computed](/api/options-data.html#computed) properties — to watch and values are the corresponding callbacks. The value can also be a string of a method name, or an Object that contains additional options. The component instance will call `$watch()` for each entry in the object at instantiation. See [$watch](instance-methods.html#watch) for more information about the `deep`, `immediate` and `flush` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An object where keys are reactive properties to watch — examples include [data](/api/options-data.html#data-2) or [computed](/api/options-data.html#computed) properties — and values are the corresponding callbacks. The value can also be a string of a method name, or an Object that contains additional options. The component instance will call `$watch()` for each entry in the object at instantiation. See [$watch](instance-methods.html#watch) for more information about the `deep`, `immediate` and `flush` options.
```
